All right.
So here is a concept check too for RC circuits.
Again it's the same circuit over here.
We closed the switch.
Except now we want to know what is the voltage across the capacitor after a long time.
OK.
And again you go to all these voltages here.
None of the above impossible to determine.
OK so let's close up that switch and let's think about this for a minute.
Right.
So initially what we have initially the charge was zero and the voltage was also zero.
And basically at time equals to zero you can basically replace the capacitor by just a wire right.
You imagine that the capacitor is shorted.
So there's initially a lot of current and you start building up charge right.
So as time goes on Q goes up which means that the voltage goes up so to initially zero but then it goes
up as a function of time.
And then q reaches a maximum value.
Right.
Once it's fully charge it reaches a maximum value which means that the voltage also reaches a maximum
value.
Now once the charge reaches its maximum value it means there is no more change in the charge.
So that means that the current has to be equal to zero because the current is how the charge changes
with respect to time.
So really in this limit in a long time limit there is no more current and if there is no more current
it means that if you look at this guy if the current is zero it means that the voltage drop across.
This guy also must be equal to zero.
So if you apply Kirchhoff's loop rle now and you do plus six across the battery and theres no more voltage
drop across here because there is no more current right that guy equals to zero.
So that means you have to have a voltage drop across the capacitor and thats it.
The voltage across the capacitor at the end has to be equal to six volts.
It has to be equal to the voltage across the power supply.
So the correct answer for this one is Choice number seven and thats six volts.